Clarify PostgreSQL versions on Debian/Ubuntu (#4036)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_migrating-to-external-databases.adoc

Back up and transfer existing data, then use the `{foreman-installer}` command to configure {Project} to connect to an external PostgreSQL database server.

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed and configured a PostgreSQL server on an external server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have installed and configured a PostgreSQL server on a dedicated server.
```
Nitpick, non-blocking.

Reviewer 2: Dedicated servers often have the connotation of being physical servers. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dedicated_hosting_service. I'd like to avoid that terminology because it can be a virtual server too.
